DOCS-7058 Create an Integration Dashboard Update (#21481)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/integrations/create-an-integration-dashboard.md

-  Timeseries widgets should be at least four columns wide in order not to appear squashed on smaller displays.

-  Stream widgets should be at least six columns wide, or half the dashboard width, for readability. Place them at the end of a dashboard so they don't trap scrolling. It's useful to put stream widgets in a group by themselves so they can be collapsed. Add an event stream only if the service monitored by the dashboard is reporting events. Use `sources:service_name`.
   
   {{< img src="developers/create-an-integration-dashboard/stream-widgets.png" alt="An example of a stream widget in a dashboard" width="100%">}}

> -  Try using a mix of widget types and sizes. Explore visualizations and formatting options until you're confident your dashboard is as clear as it can be. Sometimes a whole dashboard of timeseries is okay, but other times variety can improve legibility. The most commonly used metric widgets are [timeseries][4], [query values][5], and [tables][6]. Ensure query value widgets have a timeseries background (e.g. "bars") instead of being blank. For more information on the available widget types, see the [list of supported dashboard widgets][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Try using a mix of widget types and sizes. Explore visualizations and formatting options until you're confident your dashboard is as clear as it can be. Sometimes a whole dashboard of timeseries is okay, but other times variety can improve legibility. The most commonly used metric widgets are [timeseries][4], [query values][5], and [tables][6]. Ensure query value widgets have a timeseries background (for example, "bars") instead of being blank. For more information on the available widget types, see the [list of supported dashboard widgets][7].
```

> -  Try to make the left and right halves of your dashboard symmetrical in high density mode. Users with large monitors will see your dashboard in high density mode by default, so it's important that group relationships make sense, and that the dashboard looks good. You can adjust group heights to achieve this, and move groups between the left and right halves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Try to make the left and right halves of your dashboard symmetrical in high density mode. Users with large monitors see your dashboard in high density mode by default, so it's important that group relationships make sense, and that the dashboard looks good. You can adjust group heights to achieve this, and move groups between the left and right halves.
```
